OK, let's continue.
So we have our row here, and it ends right here.
See, right, then I'm going to put comma and then I'm going to say vertical alignment alignment.
Such wind is to be center vertically aligned.
All the items there.
OK, so we should be done now with at least the.
This structure here, right, we have this very nice border there.
Now we have to look at the contents inside, so we have here a radio button and then whoever the text
of that radio button.
So we're going to create that.
So inside here, I'm going to say radio button, there is such function radio button there.
So we have two paths selected and on click it makes sense.
So for the selected here, what do we need to do is we need to look at the state of the answer, meaning
if we go back to our payload, we have a question and we want to get to this answer.
So.
We are going to look at OK, if the answer in this case is Louisiana and we need to figure out OK in
our choices.
Where is Louisiana?
And if that is what was selected, if that's true, then we know that they have gotten the correct answer.
They have selected the correct answer to do that.
We are talking about state, which means we need to retrieve or get that state, which is very important.
So back at the top here, I'm going to create another vowel when I call.
Let's call this answer state.
As such, remember?
And then of course, we are going to use again and the question to drive everything there.
We're going to pass the question, you know, remember five over it says we can pass the item that we
want to calculate.
So you can see here.
So we pass question.
And then and then we going say mutable state.
Of and it's going to be and into time that we're going to be receiving.
We'll see them.
Second, why and that could be notable.
Analysts just say no to start with.
In the beginning to answer, state does not have anything, but we know it's going to be governed,
who is going to be driven by the question because the question answer will have the information we want.
We can access the choices as well as the answer, and we can compare those.
So now you will understand why I have this index that are passing along in our choices because remember,
all these choices are inside of the list.
A list has an index.
So I if I want to check to see if Oklahoma is exactly the answer.
Well, I can see check or choices in this case.
Index zero.
It's going to be Oklahoma, so I'm accessing Oklahoma by state index zero, surpassing zero.
And then I can look up the answer field to see if it's the same as Oklahoma, right, and go through
all of them to find if the user has indeed found the correct answer.
That's why we have this index.
So now what you can do here, instead of a selected right because we have the state, I'm going to say
Answers State it's immutable and we see that value has to be equal to index.
If that is true, then indeed what they've selected is true, which means is correct.
So then on, click here.
What do we do?
We're going to use a function call, update answer and we're going to pass the index.
So this update answer what it will do.
You will as well.
So this applet answer will update the answer to see, OK, now we passed this index and we go to the
next index if need be.
So this applied answer, we need to create it, but you have to.
It's going to be special because it also has to be driven with a state.
So I'm going to go up again.
Let's say vowel update answer as such, and it's going to be a lamp.
They're going to say it like this.
It's going to return nothing.
Let's say that to remember, right, we can also set up and remember with lambdas or with functions
that spirit.
All right.
So in this case here, of course, I'm still going to be governed by our question object question item
with such an insight here, I'm going to create another lambda, which will allow us to then have the
is bit integer there will that is controlling our index to check.
For the correct choice here.
So how do we check for the correct choice to say, OK, if indeed the index is zero and the answers
is Louisiana, which is going to be Oklahoma or in this case, if index is zero one to Louisiana and
the answer is also Louisiana, then that is correct.
Right.
That's what we're trying to do here.
I'm just going to say answer state
value.
I'm going to set that to this.
So we're getting the answer, the correct answer.
By passing in these implicit variable there, which is going to be the which is going to be the index,
the correct index.
So if that's the case, then I'm going to have to check with the choices.
So now I'm going to say the following what's say correct answer?
State, which have we haven't created this go ahead and created just right above here.
Wow.
Correct answer.
State.
I say remember.
So again, we are going to pass a question object.
So I'm going to say it's going to be a mutable state of it's going to be a boolean Typekit as if we
want to check.
We're going to either return true or false as, say, Boolean.
It's going to be knowledgeable and it's going to pass null in the beginning.
OK.
So our correct answer that value.
OK, I'm going to say that two choices state and the choices state is indeed Alice, which means I can
pass index what index?
We're past it.
That's been passed around, right?
And then I'm going to say, if that's equal to question that answer.
So I'm going to go through all the choices states remember these choices state we created here, it's
going to have a mutable list of choices.
Essentially, it's going to have all of these guys here.
And so we're checking here now to see, well, if choices state would pass passing the index, for instance,
indexed one.
That's what they chose to use or chose index one, right?
Which means it's going to be Florida 01, right?
If it's equal to question that answer question that answer Louisiana, then we are setting our correct
answer value bullying to true.
But in this case, you know, this is going to be false because it's not going to be Louisiana where
they have chosen Florida.
That's why then correct answer state values are going to be false.
And then we're going to update that into the update answer.
This makes sense.
So here we are checking to see if the choice that was clicked or selected, it is indeed what.
Is the answer?
If yes, then it's true, if not, then it's false, then we know.
All right, so that happens.
Don't click all there.
The checking I get so is still inside of our radio button.
I'm going to pass a few modifiers here or a modifier should say.
Give her padding.
And let's give a start patting of about 16 deep.
And let's keep colors.
It's beautiful for our radio button colors, in fact, if you have over, you can actually pass the
colors with your button color so it can change things around with our radio buttons.
Radio button default, I should say default defaults that colors.
So we're going to change a few things I see.
Always upends this, so let's get rid of all of that.
And then here we're going to pass, for instance, selector so selected color that is, I want to say
something different.
So I'm going to put an if statement here to say, well, if the answer is correct, then I'm going to
change the color to something else.
Else is going to be another color.
So I'm going to be fine here.
Correct answer state that value is true and index is also.
And index, let's see.
And index.
It's also equal to answer.
States that value that we know all is good, that means we are going to.
Say color.
Dark green, you know, say, copy and change the alpha here, so it's a little bit dimmer, zero dark
to f like that.
And they else.
That means something is not right is false, and I say color that red and dim it down a little bit with
alpha.
Also, zero down to Earth like this.
Remember this in this for loop, for each index, we still have to answer text.
That means we still have this text that we can add to show something like this.
So we've created a structure here and the radio button now we can go ahead and show the actual text.
So for now, all of that will happen where remember, we still inside a red button and right after which
is actually a radio button, you can see ends there in this.
Radio button and right here and radio button right here, let's put a text for now so we can see.
So let's go ahead and say.
Answer text.
All right.
So for now, this should be good.
Let's go ahead and make sure that this is called somewhere.
And I'm going to just not add anything for those.
That way, we don't run into issues.
OK.
So going back to questions composable there.
Get rid of all of this.
So once everything is good, I'm going to.
Put in if set me here just to be safe and we're safe.
Questions, questions.
Is not known.
That's true, then I'm going to go ahead and invoke the questions.
Display and pass.
Our questions as such, so hearing this question.
And first, just to get the first one, that's fine, because that's what we need.
OK, for now.
And let's go ahead and run this, hopefully to see if we are able to see something.
Let's go ahead and run this and they have it.
OK, so we have a first question, as you see here.
What's the meaning of all this?
Forget.
So this is real good, but seems like I'm not getting the correct text, right?
I'm not getting the correct question, I should say, because the question should be this one.
What is the problem?
What?
OK, let's go back to our trivia home.
No actually questions.
And right below we're passing the question question item.
Right, there we go.
That's the problem, because here should we be calling question?
That question is section.
OK, so I'm getting the question object and invoking the question properly.
Let's try it again.
And notice that we should see a little circle.
There you go, it's thinking, and voila.
So LDL F2 was banned in Australia, and we can't either say, Well, see, it even works now because
it says this is not false.
So this is wrong.
If I go through and he can see it changed colour, it's quite hard to see.
But the.
But if you run this on your emulator, you can see that that should show the correct colour, which
is some sort of green.
OK.
So it's again.
Of course, we're just getting one answer or one question because we have a hard coded everything.
So click can see there is that green there.
All right, so this is working.
Of course, there are a few things we need to change.
For instance, the background, we see that white there, but that's that's just cosmetics, and we
can always work on that and change that.
But at least now we know things are working.
We know that when we click, we are checking to see if something is valid.
If the question or if the answer is correct, if it's false, then of course we have the right.
As you saw here, click on false.
This is incorrect.
That's why it's red.
All right, so we're making good progress.
So go ahead and rewatch this videos if there is something that you didn't quite get.
If you have questions, of course you know what to do, but it's fairly simple.
Straightforward, really, if you think about it, the logic at least.
OK, very good.
So let's go ahead and move on and continue to build out our question display to make it even better
because there are so many questions we want to display and other parameters or arguments we're going
to be passing along.